= PayPal Payment

PayPal API Client for Adaptive Payments, Invoice and Express Checkout.

== Installation (Gemfile)

  gem 'paypal-payment', :git => 'git://vendor@appcepted.com:/home/vendor/pp_paypal'

== Usage

First, you need to set up your credentials:

  require "paypal-payment"

  PayPal::Api.configure do |config|
    config.sandbox    = true
    config.username   = "chardy_api1.gmail.com"
    config.password   = "8DTSWBZC7GDR3T4X"
    config.signature  = "AG-8mOpuFhFyFOYHlaTUYn3Syf15AWJKRnfHMVsmCtC3DK51-ENEPqLS"
  end

== Adaptive Payments

You can request a new preapproval authorization:
  pa = PayPal::AdaptivePayments::Preapproval.new(
    :client_details => {
      :ip_address => "234.8.8.18",
      :device_id => "123456",
      :application_id => "PP"
    },
    :starting_date => Date.today,
    :currency_code => 'USD',
    :max_total_amount_of_all_payments => 2000.0,
    :cancel_url => 'http://yoursite.com/preapproval/cancel?preapprovalkey=${preapprovalkey}',
    :return_url => 'http://yoursite.com/preapproval/accepted?preapprovalkey=${preapprovalkey}'
  )

  response = pa.create
  puts response.approval_url if response.valid?

You need to redirect your user to the url returned by <tt>response.approval_url</tt>.
After the user accepts or rejects your preapproval request, he will be redirected to one of those urls you specified.
Note that you need to append "preapprovalkey=${preapprovalkey}" to the urls if you want PayPal to redirect with preapprovalkey
You can use the <tt>preapprovalkey</tt> parameter to query for the approval details.

If you need to retrieve information about your buyer, like address or e-mail, you can use the
<tt>details()</tt> method.

  pa = PayPal::AdaptivePayments::Preapproval.new(:preapproval_key => "PA-89578182UL033944H")
  response = pa.details

When you need to request payment, create a new Payment with the preapproval key.

  pp = PayPal::AdaptivePayments::Payment.new(
    :preapproval_key => "PA-89578182UL033944H",
    :receiver => {:email => "seller@example.com", :amount => 10.0},
    :currency_code => 'USD',
    :cancel_url => 'http://example.com/cancel',
    :return_url => 'http://example.com/thank_you'
  )

  response = pp.pay
  response.success?
  response.completed?

You can manage your preapproval.

  pa = PayPal::AdaptivePayments::Preapproval.new(:preapproval_key => "PA-89578182UL033944H")
  pa.cancel

=== What information do I need to keep?

You should save two paramaters to your database: <tt>TOKEN</tt> and <tt>PROFILEID</tt>.
<tt>TOKEN</tt> is required when user returns to your website after he authorizes (or not) the billing process. You
need to save it so you can find him later. You can remove this info after payment and recurring profile are set.

The <tt>PROFILEID</tt> allows you to manage the recurring profile, like cancelling billing when an user don't
want to use your service anymore.

<b>NOTE:</b> TOKEN will expire after approximately 3 hours.

== Maintainer

* Chardy Wang
